angry,angry,adj,nil,r,emotions,t
cool,cool,adj,nil,r,emotions,t
laugh,laughing,verb,nil,r,emotions,laughed+laughing+will laugh
funny,laughing,adj,nil,r,emotions,t
love,love,verb,nil,r,emotions,loved+loving+will love
sad,sad.jpg,adj,nil,r,emotions,t
sleepy,sleepy,adj,nil,r,emotions,t
think,thinking,adj,nil,r,emotions,thought+thinking+will think
happy,happy,adj,nil,r,emotions,t
surprise,surprised,adj,nil,r,emotions,surprised+surprising+surprising
scared,scared,adj,nil,r,emotions,t
sick,sick,adj,nil,r,emotions,t

cat,cat_silhouette,noun,cute,r,animals,t
cow,cow,noun,farm,r,animals,t
deer,deer_silhouette,noun,hunting,deer,animals,t
fish,fish,noun,water,fish,animals,t
tree,tree_silhouette,noun,nature,r,animals,t
flower,flower,noun,nature,r,animals,t
grass,grass,noun,nature,grass,animals,t
bush,bush,noun,nature,bushes,animals,t
plant,plant,noun,nature,r,animals,t
puppy,puppy,noun,nature,puppies,animals,t
dog,dog,noun,nature,r,animals,t
rabbit,rabbit,noun,nature,r,animals,t
bird,bird,noun,nature,r,animals,t
chicken,chicken,noun,nature,r,animals,t
pig,pig,noun,nature,r,animals,t
horse,horse,noun,nature,r,animals,t
frog,frog,noun,nature,r,animals,t
lizard,lizard,noun,nature,r,animals,t

apple,apple,noun,food+fruit,r,food,t
lunch,lunch,noun,food,lunches,food,t
breakfast,breakfast,noun,food,r,food,t
dinner,dinner,noun,food,r,food,t
soda,soda_can,noun,drink,r,food,t
bacon,bacon,noun,nil,r,food,t
donut,donut,noun,nil,r,food,t
egg,egg,noun,nil,r,food,t
pancake,pancake,noun,nil,r,food,t
sandwich,sandwich,noun,nil,r,food,t
toast,toast,noun,nil,r,food,t
water,water,noun,nil,r,food,t
cereal,cereal,noun,nil,r,food,t
fruit,fruit,noun,nil,fruit,food,t
vegetable,vegetable,noun,nil,r,food,t
chocolate,chocolate,noun,nil,r,food,t
candy,sweets,noun,nil,candies,food,t
nachos,nachos,noun,nil,nachos,food,t
spaghetti and meatballs,spagbol,noun,nil,r,food,t
burger,burger,noun,nil,r,food,t
fry,fries,noun,nil,fries,food,t
chip,chips,noun,nil,r,food,t
salad,salad,noun,nil,r,food,t
KFC,kfc,noun,nil,KFC,food,t
McDonald's,mcdonald's,noun,nil,McDonald's,food,t
Burger King,burgerking,noun,nil,Burger King,food,t
Domino's,dominos,noun,nil,Domino's,food,t
pizza,pizza,noun,nil,r,food,t
pie,pie,noun,nil,r,food,t

phone,call,verb,nil,r,activity,phoned+phoning+will phone
eat,eat,verb,nil,r,activity,ate+eating+will eat
sleep,sleep,verb,on,r,activity,slept+sleeping+will sleep
wait,waiting.jpg,verb,for,r,activity,waited+waiting+will wait
want,want,verb,nil,r,activity,wanted+wanting+will want
need,need,verb,nil,r,activity,needed+needing+will need
can,can,modal,nil,r,activity,could have+can+will be able to
may,may.jpg,modal,nil,r,activity,might have+might+might be able to
should,should,modal,nil,r,activity,should have+should+should
ask,ask,verb,nil,r,activity,asked+asking+will ask
come,come,verb,nil,r,activity,came+coming+will come
cook,cook.jpg,verb,nil,r,activity,cooked+cooking+will cook
feel,feel,verb,nil,r,activity,felt+feeling+will feel
find,find.jpg,verb,nil,r,activity,found+finding+will find
give,give.jpg,verb,nil,r,activity,gave+giving+will give
say,say,verb,nil,r,activity,said+saying+will say
see,see.gif,verb,nil,r,activity,saw+seeing+will see
take,take,verb,nil,r,activity,took+taking+will take
think,think.jpg,verb,nil,r,activity,thought+thinking+will think
attempt,attempt,verb,nil,r,activity,attempted+attempting+will attempt
become,become,verb,nil,r,activity,became+becoming+will become
believe,believe,verb,nil,r,activity,believed+believing+will believe
build,build,verb,nil,r,activity,built+building+will build
buy,buy,verb,nil,r,activity,bought+buying+will buy
call,callOut,verb,nil,r,activity,called+calling+will call
cut,cut,verb,nil,r,activity,cut+cutting+will cut
die,die,verb,nil,r,activity,died+dieing+will die
fall,fall,verb,nil,r,activity,fell+falling+will fall
follow,follow,verb,nil,r,activity,followed+following+will follow
go,go,verb,nil,r,activity,went+going+will go
grow,grow,verb,nil,r,activity,grew+growing+will grow
have,have,verb,nil,r,activity,had+having+will have
hear,hear,verb,nil,r,activity,heard+hearing+will hear
help,help,verb,nil,r,activity,helped+helping+will help
hold,hold,verb,nil,r,activity,held+holding+will hold
keep,keep,verb,nil,r,activity,kept+keeping+will keep
kill,kill,verb,nil,r,activity,killed+killing+will kill
lead,lead,verb,nil,r,activity,led+leading+will lead
learn,learn,verb,nil,r,activity,learnt+learning+will learn
leave,leave,verb,nil,r,activity,left+leaving+will leave
let,let,verb,nil,r,activity,let+letting+will let
lift,lift,verb,nil,r,activity,lifted+lifting+will lift
like,like,verb,nil,r,activity,liked+liking+will like
listen,listen,verb,nil,r,activity,listened+listening+will listen
lose,lose,verb,nil,r,activity,lost+losing+will lose
love,love,verb,nil,r,activity,loved+loving+will love
make,make,verb,nil,r,activity,made+making+will make
mean,mean,verb,nil,r,activity,meant+meaning+will mean
meet,meet,verb,nil,r,activity,met+meeting+will meet
move,move,verb,nil,r,activity,moved+moving+will move
open,open,verb,nil,r,activity,opened+opening+will open
pay,pay,verb,nil,r,activity,paid+paying+will pay
play,play,verb,nil,r,activity,played+playing+will play
pull,pull,verb,nil,r,activity,pulled+pulling+will pull
push,push,verb,nil,r,activity,pushed+pushing+will push
put,put,verb,nil,r,activity,put+putting+will put
reach,reach,verb,nil,r,activity,reached+reaching+will reach
read,read,verb,nil,r,activity,read+reading+will read
remember,remember,verb,nil,r,activity,remembered+remembering+will remember
run,run,verb,nil,r,activity,ran+running+will run
sell,sell,verb,nil,r,activity,sold+selling+will sell
send,send,verb,nil,r,activity,sent+sending+will send
serve,serve,verb,nil,r,activity,served+serving+will serve
show,show,verb,nil,r,activity,showed+showing+will show
sit,sit,verb,nil,r,activity,sat+sitting+will sit
speak,speak,verb,nil,r,activity,spoke+speaking+will speak
stand,stand,verb,nil,r,activity,stood+standing+will stand
start,start,verb,nil,r,activity,started+starting+will start
stop,stop,verb,nil,r,activity,stopped+stopping+will stop
talk,talk,verb,to,r,activity,talked+talking+will talk
turn,turn,verb,nil,r,activity,turned+turning+will turn
understand,understand,verb,nil,r,activity,understood+understanding+will understand
use,use,verb,nil,r,activity,used+using+will use
walk,walk,verb,nil,r,activity,walked+walking+will walk
watch,watch,verb,nil,r,activity,watched+watching+will watch
win,win,verb,nil,r,activity,won+winning+will win
work,work,verb,nil,r,activity,worked+working+will work
write,write,verb,nil,r,activity,wrote+writing+will write
don't,don't,modal,nil,r,activity,didn't+don't+won't


car,car_sedan,noun,travel,r,travel,t
bus,bus,noun,travel,buses,travel,t
train,train,noun,travel,r,travel,t
truck,truck,noun,travel,r,travel,t
ship,ship,noun,travel,r,travel,t
boat,boat,noun,travel,r,travel,t
plane,plane,noun,travel,r,travel,t
helicopter,helicopter,noun,travel,r,travel,t
jet,jet,noun,travel,r,travel,t
bike,bike,noun,travel,r,travel,t
skateboard,skateboard,noun,travel,r,travel,t
scooter,scooter,noun,travel,r,travel,t
motorbike,motorbike,noun,travel,r,travel,t
airport,airport,noun,travel,r,travel,t

basketball,basketball,noun,sport,r,object,t
big,big,adj,size,r,object,t
I,i.jpg,pronoun,was+am+will be,me,object,my
you,you,pronoun,were+are+will be,you,object,your
he,he,pronoun,was+is+will be,him,object,his
she,she,pronoun,was+is+will be,her,object,her
we,we,pronoun,were+are+will be,us,object,our
they,they,pronoun,were+are+will be,them,object,their
it,it,pronoun,was+is+will be,it,object,its
man,man_silhouette,noun,people,men,object,t
pencil,pencil,noun,draw,r,object,t
small,small,adj,size,r,object,t
woman,woman_silhouette,noun,people,women,object,t
post office,postOffice,noun,object,r,object,t
hospital,hospital,noun,object,r,object,t
pan,pan,noun,object,r,object,t
pot,pot,noun,object,r,object,t
spoon,spoon,noun,object,r,object,t
knife,knife,noun,object,r,object,t
fork,fork,noun,object,r,object,t
gun,gun,noun,object,r,object,t
hose,hose,noun,object,r,object,t
bicycle,bicycle,noun,object,r,object,t
vase,vase,noun,object,r,object,t
bed,bed,noun,object,r,object,t
chair,chair,noun,object,r,object,t
table,table,noun,object,r,object,t
soon,soon,noun,object,r,other,t
later,later,noun,object,r,other,t
afternoon,afternoon,noun,object,r,other,t
night,night,noun,object,r,other,t
morning,morning,noun,object,r,other,t
bathroom,bathroom,noun,nil,r,object,t

fast,fast,adj,faster+fastest,r,other,t
quickly,fast,adverb,quick,r,other,t
how are you?,howAreYou,adverb,nil,r,other,t
good morning,goodMorning,adverb,nil,r,other,t
good night,goodNight,adverb,nil,r,other,t
hello,hello.jpeg,adverb,nil,r,other,t
pleased to meet you,pleasedToMeetYou,adverb,nil,r,other,t
my name is,myNameIs,adverb,nil,r,other,t
what is your name?,whatIsYourName,adverb,nil,r,other,t

blue,blue,adj,nil,r,other,t
black,black,adj,nil,r,other,t
brown,brown,adj,nil,r,other,t
gray,gray,adj,nil,r,other,t
green,green,adj,nil,r,other,t
orange,orange,adj,nil,r,other,t
pink,pink,adj,nil,r,other,t
purple,purple,adj,nil,r,other,t
red,red,adj,nil,r,other,t
white,white,adj,nil,r,other,t
yellow,yellow,adj,nil,r,other,t

underneath,underneath,prep,nil,r,other,t
over,over,prep,nil,r,other,t
below,below,prep,nil,r,other,t
above,above,prep,nil,r,other,t
through,through.jpeg,prep,nil,r,other,t
around,around,prep,nil,r,other,t
between,between,prep,nil,r,other,t
behind,behind,prep,nil,r,other,t
in front,inFront,prep,nil,r,other,t
next to,nextTo,prep,nil,r,other,t
in,in,prep,nil,r,other,t
on top,onTop,prep,nil,r,other,t

one,one,prep,nil,r,number,t
two,two,prep,nil,r,number,t
three,three,prep,nil,r,number,t
four,four,prep,nil,r,number,t
five,five,prep,nil,r,number,t
six,six,prep,nil,r,number,t
seven,seven,prep,nil,r,number,t
eight,eight,prep,nil,r,number,t
nine,nine,prep,nil,r,number,t
ten,ten,prep,nil,r,number,t

Andrew,andrew,noun,nil,Trotmans,other,t
David,david,noun,nil,Eyers,other,t

